#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.13.3
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
boto3==1.35.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mypy-boto3
boto3-stubs==1.35.40
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.35.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
botocore-stubs==1.35.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3-stubs
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipreqs
executing==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastapi==0.115.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
google-api-core==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.149.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client-stubs
google-api-python-client-stubs==1.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-auth-stubs
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth-stubs==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
grpc-stubs==1.53.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth-stubs
grpcio==1.66.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   grpc-stubs
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
ipython==8.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipreqs
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
mako==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markupsafe==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
mypy==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-boto3==1.35.40
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-boto3-cognito-idp==1.35.18
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-boto3-ec2==1.35.38
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-boto3-s3==1.35.32
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mypy
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipreqs
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pipreqs==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   sqlmodel
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.12
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   yarg
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   sqlmodel
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlmodel==0.0.22
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
starlette==0.39.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-awscrt==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore-stubs
types-httplib2==0.22.0.20240310
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client-stubs
types-pytz==2024.2.0.20241003
    # via -r requirements.in
types-requests==2.32.0.20240914
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth-stubs
types-s3transfer==0.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3-stubs
types-sqlalchemy-utils==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   boto3-stubs
    #   fastapi
    #   google-api-python-client-stubs
    #   mypy
    #   mypy-boto3
    #   mypy-boto3-cognito-idp
    #   mypy-boto3-ec2
    #   mypy-boto3-s3
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
uvicorn==0.31.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wheel==0.44.0
    # via pip-tools
yarg==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipreqs

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
